README.md, before:

# Taboo, Word Guessing Game
<br>

- Taboo is an offline word game played in teams. Tell your team the main word without using the forbidden words and get the score!

## How to Play?
The team that tells the most words without using forbidden ones before time runs out wins.
- The person telling the word may not use any taboo word, including abbreviation, any part of the word taboo.
- The person telling the word may not use sound or gestures to indicate the taboo word.
- You can skip as many words as the set pass limit.
- When the team member knows the word correctly, the score is increased by one.
- If you use the word taboo, you will be penalized 1 point and your score will be reduced by one.
- The game can be ended at any time if each team has played an equal number of rounds. When the game is over, the team with the most points wins.
<br>

**⚡ Taboo is live on Play Store ⚡** 

- [**Click here to download on Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.virca.taboo)

- **Available Languages:** Turkish

## In-Game Screenshots
<pre>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209368877-1f4a3837-5076-4d46-837b-a7ec18228f20.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209368980-a9dadcde-f9a6-436c-9bd0-0eea2988edd9.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369197-f2155469-82b5-4373-9491-45b4f785e3db.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369503-ca920f33-64ca-477b-a857-a6880a91e43f.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369744-f544fb21-1375-4761-9d82-ed04d7583528.jpg" width="180">
</pre>
<br>

## Developers
- [Faruk Kayaduman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/farukkayaduman/)

## Development Tools
* [Unity Engine v2021.3.5f1](https://unity.com/)
* [Microsoft Visual Studio 2022 IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/)

## External Resources
* Taboo words generated by ChatGPT.

Commit message:

Add note for developers
Google AdMob integration notes.

README.md, after:

# Taboo, Word Guessing Game
<br>

- Taboo is an offline word game played in teams. Tell your team the main word without using the forbidden words and get the score!

## How to Play?
The team that tells the most words without using forbidden ones before time runs out wins.
- The person telling the word may not use any taboo word, including abbreviation, any part of the word taboo.
- The person telling the word may not use sound or gestures to indicate the taboo word.
- You can skip as many words as the set pass limit.
- When the team member knows the word correctly, the score is increased by one.
- If you use the word taboo, you will be penalized 1 point and your score will be reduced by one.
- The game can be ended at any time if each team has played an equal number of rounds. When the game is over, the team with the most points wins.
<br>

**⚡ Taboo is live on Play Store ⚡** 

- [**Click here to download on Play Store**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.virca.taboo)

- **Available Languages:** Turkish

## In-Game Screenshots
<pre>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209368877-1f4a3837-5076-4d46-837b-a7ec18228f20.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209368980-a9dadcde-f9a6-436c-9bd0-0eea2988edd9.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369197-f2155469-82b5-4373-9491-45b4f785e3db.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369503-ca920f33-64ca-477b-a857-a6880a91e43f.jpg" width="180">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54947066/209369744-f544fb21-1375-4761-9d82-ed04d7583528.jpg" width="180">
</pre>
<br>

## Note for developers:
To avoid errors after installation,
- Import [Google Mobile Ads Unity Plugin v8.1.0](https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-unity/releases/tag/v8.1.0) to Assets folder.
- Set your own Google AdMob App ID and set ad ID (test ID given in comment line) in [GoogleAdMobController.cs](https://github.com/FarukKayaduman/taboo-word-game/blob/main/Assets/Scripts/GoogleAdMobController.cs) script.

## Developers
- [Faruk Kayaduman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/farukkayaduman/)

## Development Tools
* [Unity Engine v2021.3.5f1](https://unity.com/)
* [Microsoft Visual Studio 2022 IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/)

## External Resources
* Taboo words generated by ChatGPT.
